readme.md, before:

# pyWaifu
## _A rather inefficient image grabber_

![N|Solid](https://i.imgur.com/OGwjR3p.png)

[Image](https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/108180903) credit: [Muson](https://www.pixiv.net/en/users/60300947)

pyWaifu is a desktop application built with python which combines web scraping and API calls to find and download images of specific characters depending on the parameters set by the user and [MyAnimeList's](https://myanimelist.net/) database.
It stores the images on the user's computer but also shows them on its GUI built with PyQt6.

![N|Solid](https://i.imgur.com/i1Xu8iH.png)

## Features

- Search and download images for waifus from a user's entire list
- Search and download images for waifus from a specifc anime
- Search and download images for a specific waifu
- 3 different modes, single, all and local
  * Single: downloads the first waifu found for any given anime
  * All: downloads all waifus found for any given anime
  * Local: shows what's currently stored in the user's computer
- Supports 6 different sources
  * Anime Pictures net
  * Safebooru
  * Danbooru
  * Gelbooru
  * Rule34 xxx
  * DeviantArt

## Usage

- Input just the name of a myanimelist user, anime id or character id in their respective fields and click "Find waifus" to begin the process.
- Click on the "Waifus" button to show everything the application has ever downloaded.
- Click on "Options" to modify the application's behavior.
- The actual name of an anime or character can be used to perform a search if the application's behavior is set to local images and some already exist for that search query.

## Packages used

pyWaifu was only made possible because of these amazing packages.

| Package | Link |
| ------ | ------ |
| PyQt6 | https://pypi.org/project/PyQt6/ |
| Requests | https://pypi.org/project/requests/ |
| BeautifulSoup4 | https://pypi.org/project/beautifulsoup4/ |
| Pillow | https://pypi.org/project/Pillow/ |
| OpenCV | https://pypi.org/project/opencv-python/ |
| Feedparser | https://pypi.org/project/feedparser/ |
| tqdm | https://pypi.org/project/tqdm/ |
| PyInstaller | https://pypi.org/project/pyinstaller/ |

## Building the application

If you want to build it yourself from the source code using PyInstaller, run this command:
```sh
pyInstaller main_window.py --onefile --icon=waifu.ico --add-data "resources;resources" --noconsole
```

## Additional credit

Art - [Mungujakisa Edmond](https://www.vecteezy.com/members/mungujakisa) from [Vecteezy](https://www.vecteezy.com) for the .svg button icons used in the custom video player module.

## Future development

pyWaifu may have some more features added depending on circumstances which may include:

- More sources
- Browsing multiple source results and managing files
- Storage of image tags
- Search query improvements

Commit message:

Small improvement to input handling
New function added that makes use of regular expressions to grab the useful bits from the full myanimelist urls.

Still need to work on possibly getting the number codes from just anime/character names.

readme.md, after:

# pyWaifu
## _A rather different image grabber_

![N|Solid](https://i.imgur.com/OGwjR3p.png)

[Image](https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/108180903) credit: [Muson](https://www.pixiv.net/en/users/60300947)

pyWaifu is a desktop application built with python which combines web scraping and API calls to find and download images of specific characters depending on the parameters set by the user and [MyAnimeList's](https://myanimelist.net/) database.
It stores the images on the user's computer but also shows them on its GUI built with PyQt6.

![N|Solid](https://i.imgur.com/i1Xu8iH.png)

## Features

- Search and download images for waifus from a user's entire list
- Search and download images for waifus from a specifc anime
- Search and download images for a specific waifu
- 3 different modes, single, all and local
  * Single: downloads the first waifu found for any given anime
  * All: downloads all waifus found for any given anime
  * Local: shows what's currently stored in the user's computer
- Supports 6 different sources
  * Anime Pictures net
  * Safebooru
  * Danbooru
  * Gelbooru
  * Rule34 xxx
  * DeviantArt

## Usage

- Input just the name of a myanimelist user, anime id or character id in their respective fields and click "Find waifus" to begin the process.
- Click on the "Waifus" button to show everything the application has ever downloaded.
- Click on "Options" to modify the application's behavior.
- The actual name of an anime or character can be used to perform a search if the application's behavior is set to local images and some already exist for that search query.

## Packages used

pyWaifu was only made possible because of these amazing packages.

| Package | Link |
| ------ | ------ |
| PyQt6 | https://pypi.org/project/PyQt6/ |
| Requests | https://pypi.org/project/requests/ |
| BeautifulSoup4 | https://pypi.org/project/beautifulsoup4/ |
| Pillow | https://pypi.org/project/Pillow/ |
| OpenCV | https://pypi.org/project/opencv-python/ |
| Feedparser | https://pypi.org/project/feedparser/ |
| tqdm | https://pypi.org/project/tqdm/ |
| PyInstaller | https://pypi.org/project/pyinstaller/ |

## Building the application

If you want to build it yourself from the source code using PyInstaller, run this command:
```sh
pyInstaller main_window.py --onefile --icon=waifu.ico --add-data "resources;resources" --noconsole
```
Make sure to copy the .ico file from the resources folder.

## Additional credit

Art - [Mungujakisa Edmond](https://www.vecteezy.com/members/mungujakisa) from [Vecteezy](https://www.vecteezy.com) for the .svg button icons used in the custom video player module.

## Future development

pyWaifu may have some more features added depending on circumstances which may include:

- More sources
- Browsing multiple source results and managing files
- Storage of image tags
- Search query improvements
